docs: fix linter errors for security.md (#47688)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/security.md

| Keep current with the latest Angular library releases               | The Angular libraries get regular updates, and these updates might fix security defects discovered in previous versions. Check the Angular [change log](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) for security-related updates. |
| Don't alter your copy of Angular                                   | Private, customized versions of Angular tend to fall behind the current version and might not include important security fixes and enhancements. Instead, share your Angular improvements with the community and make a pull request.              |
| Avoid Angular APIs marked in the documentation as "*Security Risk*" | For more information, see the [Trusting safe values](guide/security#bypass-security-apis) section of this page.                                                                                                                                    |

</div>

## Preventing cross-site scripting (XSS)

[Cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting) enables attackers to inject malicious code into web pages.

> Such code can then, for example, steal user data, in particular login data, or perform actions to impersonate the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such code can then, for example, steal user and login data, or perform actions that impersonate the user.
```

| `style-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline';` | Allows the page to load global styles from the same origin \(`'self'`\) and enables components to load their styles \(`'unsafe-inline'` - see [`angular/angular#6361`](https://github.com/angular/angular/issues/6361)\). |

Angular itself requires only these settings to function correctly.
As your project grows, you may need to expand your CSP settings to accommodate extra features specific to your application.

<a id="trusted-types"></a>

> ### Enforcing trusted types

Reviewer 2: Since this is a proper noun, I believe we would still prefer to have "Enforcing Trusted Types"

Author: Reverted it to Trusted Types.

> It is recommended to use [Trusted Types](https://w3c.github.io/webappsec-trusted-types/dist/spec) as a way to help secure your applications from cross-site scripting attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you use [Trusted Types](https://w3c.github.io/webappsec-trusted-types/dist/spec) as a way to help secure your applications from cross-site scripting attacks.
```

Injecting template code into an Angular application is the same as injecting executable code into the application:
It gives the attacker full control over the application.
To prevent this, use a templating language that automatically escapes values to prevent XSS vulnerabilities on the server.

> Don't create Angular templates on the server side using a templating language. Doing this carries a high risk of introducing template-injection vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't create Angular templates on the server side using a templating language. This carries a high risk of introducing template-injection vulnerabilities.
```
